hey and welcome to no recipe required so
tonight they're gonna prepare a little
@foia crostini with burrata cheese on it
now LeBron a cheese it's basically a
type of mozzarella soft creamy
mozzarella I'll toast up some some good
French bread make a nice little crispy
Christina crostini out of it topped with
some cheese to top it with some other
ingredients it's an absolute awesome
order or even a starter course for a for
a nice fancy meal let's go ahead and get
started okay let's go ahead and get
started on our ferrata appetizer or a
little can of pea maybe just a little
taste I'm gonna use it's kind of like a
bruschetta so we're gonna use a little
bread and the key here is to try and get
the bread as thin as possible nice kind
of wait for thin cuz the bride at the
mild cheese we don't really want the
bread to overpower you may end up
ruining a couple pieces you know if you
end up like going through and then side
like that you know I don't know toss
them go ahead breads kind of cheap so
you want to get as many as you're gonna
make and then just lay them out and you
want to dab each one which is a touch of
olive oil and we're gonna throw these
into like a 300 degree oven really just
probably seven eight nine minutes until
they get just a little bit crusty and
crunchy okay so I've got my crostinis
out of the oven and I'm using our
burrata cheese you know it's a nice soft
kind of creamy cheese which is gonna go
beautifully with with this thin piece of
bread and the little spice that we're
adding so I've got here some Calabrian
chilies there little tiny Chili Peppers
and they're pretty hot so I'm just gonna
use a tiny little bit lay out tiny bit
like I said on each guy then oh my gosh
I need another one let me take another
and then throw a little bit of basil
just a tiny little basil leaf
on each as well and then our finishing
touch is actually going to be a little
bit of olive oil now you can use
straight olive oil if that's what you
got
alright happen to have a little Meyer
lemon olive oil and just that little
extra flavor is gonna be super nice and
there we've got our little burrata
crostini I'll see you next time on no
recipe required